2016312761 여혁수
Object Detection


Explanation of hyperparameters (meaning, data type, default value)

train_2016312761.py has many hyperparameters for training.

lr: It means learning rate of learning. If training does some gradient descent for each iteration, lr decides how fast the gradient moves.
	Default value is 0.001.

loss function: the gap between true output and my prediction output is calculated with my loss function.
	I decides the loss function to MultiBoxLoss function which is famous for SSD Weighted loss function.

Main computing targets of loss function are below.
        1) Produce Confidence Target Indices by matching  ground truth boxes
           with (default) 'priorboxes' that have jaccard index > threshold parameter
           (default threshold: 0.5).
        2) Produce localization target by 'encoding' variance into offsets of ground
           truth boxes and their matched  'priorboxes'.
        3) Hard negative mining to filter the excessive number of negative examples
           that comes with using a large number of default bounding boxes.
           (default negative:positive ratio 3:1)

batch_size: Total train data are grouped by defined batch size. Default value is 32.

iterations: This means the number of repeating training per batch. This value is important for prevent overfitting, and decide early stopping.
	Default value is 60000. Epoch of training goes 156 because 1 epoch means training 385 batches.

momentum: This value gives acceleration to gradient of loss function. Default value is 0.9.

weight_decay: This is the value of weight decay in optimizer. It can prevent overfitting by give penalty when the weight of loss function get bigger.
	Default value is 5e-4.



The command you used to train your model

I executed program in Google colab.

1. upload my zip file named 2016312761_여혁수.zip
2. unzip my zip file to folder named 'objdetection'.
	
command) 

	!mkdir objdetection
	!unzip 2016312761_여혁수 -d objdetection
3. Download & Unzip train & test data. I used VOC2007 data for test data.
	
command) 

	!wget http://pjreddie.com/media/files/VOCtrainval_11-May-2012.tar

   	!mkdir VOCtrainval

   	!mkdir VOCtest

   	!tar -xvf VOCtrainval_11-May-2012.tar -C VOCtrainval

   	!wget http://pjreddie.com/media/files/VOCtest_06-Nov-2007.tar

	!tar -xvf VOCtest_06-Nov-2007.tar -C VOCtest

4. execute my train.py

command) 

	!python objdetection/train_2016312761.py



The command you used to test your model

1. execute my test.py

command) 

	!python objdetection/test_2016312761.py



Path to your data

	train data path: 'VOCtrainval/VOCdevkit/VOC2012'

	test data path: 'VOCtest/VOCdevkit/VOC2007'
